Add documentation for importing a torchscript model into inferno (#72)
plow-technologies/inferno: README.md

```
Tensor Int64 [2,10] [[ 1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1],
                     [ 1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1]]
```

## Importing a torchscript model into inferno

> In an inferno file, you can load the model into a variable by assigning it to 
> 
> `ML.loadModel "path/to/model/<model_name>.ts.pt"`
> 
> like
> 
> `let model = ML.loadModel "~/myModel.ts.pt" in`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an inferno script, you can load the model using the `ML.loadModel` function. For instance,
`let model = ML.loadModel "path/to/model/<model_name>.ts.pt" in ...`
```

You can pass arguments of type `array of tensor` to the model by passing them to `ML.forward` along with your model.

like

`let outputs = ML.forward model inputs in` 

> where `inputs` is an array of tensors. This line would assign the return value to `outputs`, but any other assignment (type matching on the return value, for instance) would also work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `inputs` is an array of tensors. This line would assign the return value to `outputs`, but any other assignment (pattern matching on the return value, for instance) would also work.
```
